Fix grammar in oss summit blog post (#451)
trinodb/trino.io: _posts/2023-05-15-oss-na.md

show_pagenav: false
---

Last week, I had the pleasure to attend [Open Source Summit North America
2023](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/) in
Vancouver. A quick hop across the [Strait of
Georgia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strait_of_Georgia) got me right into the
event and into the midst of my peers of open source developers, advocates, and
enthusiasts.

<!--more-->

A highlight of the event for me was catching up with many existing and new
friends from the open source communities. It was inspiring to learn details
about the success of open source projects, including
[Opensearch](https://opensearch.org/), [RISC-V](https://riscv.org/about/), the
British Columbia government [DevHub project](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/), NASA
[open source](https://code.nasa.gov/) and [open data
projects](https://data.nasa.gov/), and many others.

In my interview with John Furrier and Rob Strechay for [SiliconANGLE
theCUBE](https://www.thecube.net/), I was able to share more information about
Trino, query engines, lakehouses, and [Starburst](https://starburst.io). We also
talked about the benefits of using Trino for different use cases, how data

> continues to be crucial, and how it is even important thanks to the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
continues to be crucial, and how it is even more important thanks to the new
```

> Last week I had the pleasure to attend [Open Source Summit North America

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last week, I had the pleasure to attend [Open Source Summit North America
```

2023](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/) in
Vancouver. A quick hop across the [Strait of
Georgia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strait_of_Georgia) got me right into the

> event, and in the midst of my peers of open source developers, advocates, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event and into the midst of my peers of open source developers, advocates, and
```

enthusiasts.

<!--more-->

A highlight of the event for me was catching up with many existing and new
friends from the open source communities. It was inspiring to learn details

> about the success of open source projects and communities, including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about the success of open source projects, including
```
This ends up being kind of redundant, the previous sentence ends with the word "communities"

In my interview with John Furrier and Rob Strechay for [SiliconANGLE

> theCUBE](https://www.thecube.net/) I was able to share more information about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
theCUBE](https://www.thecube.net/), I was able to share more information about
```

Trino, query engines, lakehouses, and [Starburst](https://starburst.io). We also
talked about the benefits of using Trino for different use cases, how data

> continues to be crucially important, and is even emphasized even more by the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
continues to be crucial, and how it is even more important thanks to the new
```
Wording here is a little weird, best attempt at cleaning it up.
